scoreLetter: make an int named letterScore and set it to 0. make a for loop that goes through the entire vocab list. first we check if the current index of the vocab list is null, if not we then strchr(vocab[i], letter) != NULL, if so then add 1 to the letterscore. effectively we go through every word first check if the current word in the list exists then we check if the current word contains the letter we're looking for, if both of these occur we than add 1 to the letter score and go down the rest of the words repeating this process. Lastly return letterScore

scoreWord: make an int, call it result and set it to 0. allocate 5 chars of memory, call this thing letterList. make a loop that iterates through every character in word, in each iteration check if letterList has the current character in the index of word, if not add that letter to letterList. When that is completed make a new int call it dur and set it to the length of letterList. make a loop that iterates through the characters of letterList. in this loop make a new char call it cur and set it to the current index of letterList, make a new int call it thing and set it to cur-'a'. then set result to equal result + letterscores[thing]. When that loops is difnally done free letterList and return result.

getGuess: this is done, thanks prof. Makes a new int called letters-scores, give it 26 ints to work with. in a for loop of 26 times set letter_scores[i] to score_letters('a' + i, vocablist, num_words). When that's done make a new char call it best_geuss and set it to NULL. make an int call it bestScore set it to 0. make a new int call it score set it to 0. make a for loop that goes through every word in the vocab. First check if the current space is null, if it is skip it otherwise we continue per usual. set score to scoreWord(current vocan word,  letter_scores). Then make an if statement that checks if score is greater than bestScore, if so set best guess to current word and set best score to score(current score). When this loops is finally over return bestGuess aslong as best guess is not NULL, if it is return NULL. 

filterGrey: make size t, call it grays and set it to 0. make a for loop that iterates through every word in the vocab list. we first check if the current index of the vocab list actually exists/not null. If so then we check if the current word has the letter we're looking for, if it does than we remove that word from the vocab list via freeing and setting that index to NULL and add 1 to grays. When we get through the entire list we return grays/number of words we've removed. 

filterYellow: make size t, call it yellow  and set it to 0. make a for loop that iterates through every word in the vocab list. we first check if the current index of the vocab list actually exists/not null. if so we check ofthe current word has the letter we're looking for, if not we remove it from the list, set that index to null and add 1 to the yellow count, if it does have the letter we then make anothe check. In this check we see if the letter is word, and also that the position we're reading for also has that letter there(strchr(vocabulary[i], letter) && vocabulary[i][position] == letter). If this passes free the current word, set that index to null and add to the yellow count. When this loop is done return the yellow count

filterGreen: make size t, call it greens  and set it to 0. make a for loop that iterates through every word in the vocab list. we first check if the current index of the vocab list actually exists/not null. check if the current word has the letter we're looking for in the index taken by the function, if not free/remove this word from the vocab list, set this index/adress to NULL and add 1 to the green count. When this loop is done return greens(number of words removed. )

free: I think this is done, but it just goes through address/index in the vocab, frees the current index/address and when that's done it frees the entire vocab set. 